c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\obj\Debug\CostControl.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\obj\Debug\CostControl.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\obj\Debug\CostControl.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\danyil.hryhoriev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\danyil.hryhoriev\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\MoneyConWpf.exe.config
C:\Users\danyil.hryhoriev\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\MoneyConWPF.exe
C:\Users\danyil.hryhoriev\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\MoneyConWPF.pdb
C:\Users\danyil.hryhoriev\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\MoneyConWPF.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\danyil.hryhoriev\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\bin\Debug\MoneyConWPF.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
C:\Users\danyil.hryhoriev\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\obj\Debug\MoneyConWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\danyil.hryhoriev\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\obj\Debug\MoneyConWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\danyil.hryhoriev\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\obj\Debug\MoneyConWPF.g.resources
C:\Users\danyil.hryhoriev\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\obj\Debug\MoneyConWPF.exe
C:\Users\danyil.hryhoriev\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CostControl\CostControl\obj\Debug\MoneyConWPF.pdb
